changelog for v9.0.0 (#2943)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Breaking: Drops support for Node.js 8.

> - Breaking: Disables deploys of Cloud Functions for Firebase running Node.js 8.

Reviewer: Never miss an opportunity to hammer home a scary deadline...

```suggestion
- Breaking: Disables deploys of the deprecated Node.js 8 runtime for Cloud Functions. **Existing Node.js 8 functions will stop executing on 2021-03-15.**

```
